== ActsAsJoinable

This plugin adds access control to objects by giving them members, each with configurable permissions.

== Overview

Access control is achieved through the addition of three *acts_as* extensions and four models.

== ActsAs Extensions

acts_as_joinable - Added to the primary model to which access control is being added.
acts_as_joinable_component - Added to all of the models which need to inherit their permissions from their parent joinable.
acts_as_member - Added to a User model which can join joinables.

== Models

=== DefaultPermissionSet

A set of permissions which any user automatically receives after joining the joinable. 
The owner of a joinable can configure these. This allows joinables to be open to all Users.

The permissions contained by the DefaultPermissionSet specify the *access model* for the joinable.
There are three access models:

* open - Users can join this joinable and receive a membership without submitting a MembershipRequest
* closed - Users need to submit a MembershipRequest or accept a MembershipInvitation in order to join this joinable.
* private - Users can *only* be added to the joinable after accepting a MembershipInvitation
	
The current access model is determined solely by the permission level of the DefaultPermissionSet.
If the DefaultPermissionSet has a permission level which allows users to view the contents of the joinable.
Then the access model is *open*. If the permission level allows any user to find the joinable, the access
model is *closed*. If the permission level doesn't allow users not in the joinable to find the joinable,
the access model is *private*.

=== MembershipRequest

Any user can submit a request to join any joinable which they can see. The managers of the joinable can
then accept that request (and choose an appropriate permission level for the user) or deny it.

=== MembershipInvitation

The managers of a joinable can invite users to join a joinable. The invitation includes the permissions that
the user will receive upon acceptance. 

NOTE: A user cannot use the permissions given in the invitation until they accept the invitation.

=== Membership

Represents a set of permissions for a specific user in a specific joinable. Can be created in 3 ways:

* Through the accepting of a MembershipRequest by the managers of a joinable
* Through the accepting of a MembershipInvitation by the invitee
* If the joinable has an *open* access model, a User can create a Membership directly

== Testing

    bundle exec rake app:db:create
    bundle exec rake
